Over the last modules we set up the effects module and added Engy or X effects but I imagine that it's
still relatively unclear how these effects actually work like.
Well the word like this Tudor's property which is marked with at effect and therefore controlled by
the effects package here.
We assign a value here we reach out to this actions property we inject that here which is simply information
about all the actions we have in our application.
And now we can simply watch for certain actions occurring.
So again actions in the end it's just like a list of all the actions we have in our app oldI off actions
all the shopping list actions.
This is an observable or like an observable and since it is provided by Engy are x effects there's one
helpful helper method of type.
This allows us to check if the action which is occurring and does will be fired for any action or app
if it is of a special type so that we only continue executing the code here for this property if we
occur or if we have a special a certain action.
We don't want to execute all the code here for every action.
In this case we only want to do it when we try to sign up.
And this is an important thing.
We have no fitting action right now.
We have to sign up action.
But this actually should get fired once we did successfully sign up.
So once you just want to switch your vindication status we all need a new action which is fired when
we try to sign up before we were successful because our goal in the end is to send this firebase request
and of course we do this before we successfully signed up.
That's exactly what we try.
By sending this request.
So I will export a new concert and where I will say try.
Sign up.
You can also name it do sign up or whatever you want.
So I'll have try to sign up here.
And with that I now can dispatch try sign up when we well do chest debt.
Now for added I'll add another class export class tries to sign up which will implement an action and
you will have to read only type which is try to sign up and will have a constructor because here in
the payload the username and email so I'll have a public payload which is of type javascript object
where all have a user name which is a string and a password which is a string.
So that's how this will look like.
OK so does this to try to sign up action.
Let's add it to our export here Dryas sign up.
I don't need to register a producer for it because I don't want to edit the state up on this right now.
I only want to use it for my effects so that here I can say in the off type I'm looking for the try
sign up action for it and I have to import everything.
As of actions from dot slash of actions and listen for this new type.
So all actions try to sign up.
So for this string now the fervor observable operators we chain here will only get executed if it tries
to sign up.
Action is dispatched from anywhere in our application.
So let's now registred is in the sign up component here where we reach out to the off service.
We don't need that anymore.
Instead here I will inject mist or as we did so often our application make sure to import it as before
and then import everything as from app from our App Store.
One additional level up.
So from our producers because this is the type of this state and our applications are from app App State.
Now here again I would simply call this store dispatch and now we need to get action to the access to
the actions.
So as of actions from go up one level store of actions.
So now we can dispatch knew of actions try to sign up and pass an object where we have a username which
is the email and the password which is well the password.
Now we're dispatching this action.
We're listening to it here basically.
Now we can change more observable operators here to handle this action.
I will do this in the next lecture.